NAME
    File::HomeDir::Win32 - Find home directories on Win32 systems

REQUIREMENTS
    This package requires Perl 5.6.0 and following modules (most of which
    are not included with Perl):

      Win32::Security::SID
      Win32::TieRegistry

INSTALLATION
    Installation can be done using the traditional Makefile.PL or the newer
    Build.PL methods.

    Using Makefile.PL:

      perl Makefile.PL
      make test
      make install

    (On Windows platforms you should use `nmake' instead.)

    Using Build.PL on systems with Module::Build installed:

      perl Build.PL
      perl Build test
      perl Build install

SYNOPSIS
      use File::HomeDir::Win32;

      print "My dir is ",home()," and root's is ",home('Administrator'),"\n";

DESCRIPTION
    This module provides routines for finding home directories on Win32
    systems. It was designed as a companion to File::HomeDir that overrides
    the existing `home' function, which does not properly locate home
    directories on Windows machines.

    See the module documentation for more details.

REVISION HISTORY
    The following changes have been made since the last release:

    0.02  Tue May 17 2005
            - fixed bug with not updating the main::File::HomeDir::home
              subdirectory when used from outside main space
            - uses Test::Warn to check for warning
            - fixed redefined warning when used from outside main space
            - updated docs

    See the Changes file for a detailed history.

CAVEATS
    This module will not work on Windows 95/98/ME systems with no user
    profiles enabled.

SEE ALSO
      File::HomeDir

AUTHOR
    Robert Rothenberg <rrwo at cpan.org>

  Suggestions and Bug Reporting

    Feedback is always welcome. Please use the CPAN Request Tracker at
    http://rt.cpan.org to submit bug reports.

LICENSE
    Copyright (c) 2005 Robert Rothenberg. All rights reserved. This program
    is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
    same terms as Perl itself.

